Improve how to get `validUntil` (#138)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/terms/declarations-maintenance.en.md

## How to get the `validUntil` date from an issue

1. Go to the open issue and scroll to the last action from `OTA-Bot` (comment or issue opening).

2. On the date of this comment, right-click "inspect" to open your browser's code inspector.

>    ![]({{< relref "." >}}declarations-maintenance-ota-bot-comment.png)

Author: Yes, I agree!

   Note that sometimes:

   - the date is not quite precise, it can be written "last month"
   ![]({{< relref "." >}}declarations-maintenance-ota-bot-comment-last-month.png)
   - the last comment may be the announcement of the reopening of the issue
   ![]({{< relref "." >}}declarations-maintenance-ota-bot-comment-reopened-issue.png)

> 3. Copy the value of the `datetime` attribute from the `<relative-time>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The value to use as `validUntil` is the value of the `datetime` attribute from the `<relative-time>` element.
```

## How to get the `validUntil` date from an issue

> 1. Go to the open issue and scroll to the last comment from `OTA-Bot`.

Reviewer: Without a screenshot, I had to go to https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/contrib-declarations/pull/1497#discussion_r1654952174 to understand the difference. What about:
```suggestion
1. Go to the open issue and scroll to the last action from `OTA-Bot` (comment or issue opening).
```

and adding a screenshot of the “reopening” case, similar to:

![](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/364319/343197693-9e4f23bd-d5bc-45fd-8bdb-827aa7ddcaae.png?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3MTk0MTQyMTcsIm5iZiI6MTcxOTQxMzkxNywicGF0aCI6Ii8zNjQzMTkvMzQzMTk3NjkzLTllNGYyM2JkLWQ1YmMtNDVmZC04YmRiLTgyN2FhN2RkY2FhZS5wbmc_WC1BbXotQWxnb3JpdGhtPUFXUzQtSE1BQy1TSEEyNTYmWC1BbXotQ3JlZGVudGlhbD1BS0lBVkNPRFlMU0E1M1BRSzRaQSUyRjIwMjQwNjI2JTJGdXMtZWFzdC0xJTJGczMlMkZhd3M0X3JlcXVlc3QmWC1BbXotRGF0ZT0yMDI0MDYyNlQxNDU4MzdaJlgtQW16LUV4cGlyZXM9MzAwJlgtQW16LVNpZ25hdHVyZT1kY2Q4ODRiNjA4MjlmMTA0NzJlMzMzNmZjNTVmMWUxMzBjNzkyYWNiZjI5ZWVkYmZiYzJlOGU1YjgzOGFmNjZiJlgtQW16LVNpZ25lZEhlYWRlcnM9aG9zdCZhY3Rvcl9pZD0wJmtleV9pZD0wJnJlcG9faWQ9MCJ9.wHbT7BQv1Ape95oJ-SZGVDmUhCKOoQM-ioCQbHq7cXU)
